= nrepl test

Minimal test code to verify functioning nrepl on remote device,
without Iotivity dependencies.

== Usage

1.  Configure target device to use cider (or whatever your editor needs).

  * copy profile.boot to target:~/.boot

  * set JAVA_HOME on target (Edison: /usr/lib/jvm/java-8-opensdk)

2. Copy (scp) build.boot to target device.

3. Do _not_ copy source code over to target device!  Note that
`:source-paths` and `:resource-paths` are missing in `build.boot`.
That's because we do not want the rREPL server looking for code on the
remote device.

4. On target, run `$ boot cider repl`

5. On dev host, open `src/nrepl_test/core.clj` and connect to remote nrepl.

6.  A cider-repl buffer will (eventually) open.  In it, run `(println
(System/getProperty "os.name"))`, which should print the OS name of the remote device.

=== edison notes

The Edison has two USB ports.  The one closest to the edge of the
board makes a serial connection.  The other one makes an IP-over-USB
connection, default IP `192.168.2.15` on interface `usb0`.  If you
also connect to a WiFi network, you'll also get an IP address on
interface `wlan0`, so you end up with three possible ways to connect.

If you connect using `screen`, you'll go through the serial
connection; if you connect using `ssh` you can go through the IP/USB
link (a 'direct' connection) or you can go through the WiFi network
(assuming your dev machine is on the same network.)  The latter is
much faster.

You can see the difference by connecting cider to the two different IP
addresses.  If you `cider-connect` to `192.168.2.15`, cider will try
to establish a "direct" connection.  If you `cider-connect` to the
`wlan0` IP, cider will try to establish a "tunneled ssh" connection.

== troubleshooting

"Could not find artifact" - check the version numbers of the
dependencies in `build.boot`, and the `*default-dependencies*` in
profile.boot.

==== connecting
"Establishing direct connection ..." hangs.

"Establishing tunneled ssh connection ..." hangs.

First: be patient.  It can take a relatively long time to make the
connection.

In both cases, run `keyboard-quit` (C-h) and try again.  If you're
using a symbolic name (e.g. edison.local) try using an explicit IP
(e.g. 192.168.2.15).

Restart Emacs.

Launch the nrepl from a serial connection (i.e. using `screen` to connect.)

==== evaluating

"error in process filter: Wrong type argument ..." or similar.

=== Options

FIXME: listing of options this app accepts.

## Examples

...

### Bugs

...

### Any Other Sections
### That You Think
### Might be Useful

## License

Copyright Â© 2016 FIXME

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License either version 1.0 or (at
your option) any later version.
